10-23 agenda
    run jury, nora, ballsack, angel hair

    jury
        + jon make sure you have the guitar line down
        + god bless the jury

    nora
        + woooohooo nora
    
    ballsack
        + jon make sure you have the guitar line down
        + the second it starts to fall apart is when we stop the song
    
    angel hair
        + jon kel taryn caleb emma all doing motif at end together ( in untitled )
        + first instrumental: whistling, piano
        + second instrumental: horns, piano, strings
    
    TNOL
        + catherine, you haven't played this one before, but it's pretty simple. i'm going to send you a video of the main bassline thing to remember, it's easy and very fun
        + remember the upwards flourish thing. in untitled

10-20 notes
    the ANK!
        + recording had an initial great burst of momentum when the fast part started which then cut out after a second and i'm not entirely sure why, but listen back you'll see what i mean. maybe some ride/crash bullshit
    pinky
        + horns, make sure you come in on time & stick to the line during the slowdown. i made a demo of it in sweetums DEMOS.
        + kel does instrumental three times: at beginning, during first solo, and one more loop at end.
        + i'm going to get a rhyme out of everyone, once you've delivered your rhyme, start going sssssssss
    margola
        + we should take it slower. let it groove comfortably. our first few takes weeks ago are our best takes so far
        + horns have been doing this half step up thing like Eb->E for the first note. don't think i'm a fan of it, would prefer either a double E or just holding it. At least for when we're starting it out.
    hips
        + lerve
        + kel, improvise around during the opening instrumental, you did a great job in the 4-28 recording. end jam is so so so much fun
        + horns:
            do not play during the middle part unless you are playing the motif
            the format should be just singing for two loops, then horns doing the motif
            motif pattern should be 
            main, main, harmony, harmony
            main, main, main,    harmony

            and then you come in unison with the vocals after the breakbeat
    hi beems
        + blt! blt! blt! there is no chance in hell we are playing this for harvard
        + if we want to start playing this, jackson you should try to really get the guitar part and vocals down comfortably -- i can't drum and also hit the right notes for the first part
        + first half of the song should probably just be crunched out guitar, drums, bass, and then arranged horns only on the slowdown chorus
    bar love
        + horns, make sure you're tight on the pt. 1 choruses. caleb should be the only one improvising here, jonathan and emma should be sticking to the line
        + part b maybe a little faster, horns should be ready to pass out by the end of it. immediately coming back from the guitar interlude should be the FIRST and ONLY time that the horns are playing the motif simultaneous to it being sung (dance while we can up down up down etc notes)
    