9/22 agenda
    my friends alex klint and jason meusel will be staying with me for the weekend! there is a song written by alex and sort of me called 'big decision' (baby) that i want us to play. i think it would be very fun. i'd love to add it to our reportoire. i can reasonably call it an original. i added it to sweetums misc

    beyond that, i think we just run some shit. oooh, let's play some jazz. that would be fun.

    songs to listen to run:
        pinky
        hips
        natasha
        TNOL
        angel hair

    (hopefully) i'll have an actual piano at this point, and if i do i think we should really give all my friends a crack.
    i think we can pull it off and have it sound REALLY GOOD and more importantly be a really fun silly time to play

    also, let's set up on the back porch and do ribs. keys, kick drum, and a lot of beautiful voices. it's going to be weird and embarassing and we're going to feel ridiculous but it will be good for us

    everyone who desires, write some shouts for ank!
        watch akira kurosawa?
        rashomon, now i rememba!
        
9/18 practice notes
    general
        as always, sounded awesome and wonderful. sweetums of the body, baby

        with an 8 person band, it can be hard to be sparse, because it means asking multiple not to play for periods of songs. but it's important! 

        i think future policy for covers is we all sit on deck and listen to it all the way through together before doing anything. then we decide on parts, plan, etc and then go in and try playing!

    bar love
        overall
            we played at a somewhat lethargic pace. that's my bad, i should've caught it. but both pt 1 and pt 2 were slower than usual. on the bright side, we did add that fun new interlude
            
            sounded good, but definitely not the best we've sounded. felt like people were somewhat hesitating with their parts, which i get, because we still have never really set out a definitive form for it. and i didn't have my preferred guitar

            **get the backup vocal timing right!**

            listen to 'bar love praccy' for a great take of the first half, and 'bar love alley' for a great take of the second half,
            and 'bar love demo' for a great end

            rough form of pt.2:
                just archie guitar & voice

                archie & jackson guitar

                everyone comes in with main motif

                archie sings main repeated line

                only archie, jackson, melody, caleb with flourishes verse 1

                everyone in main motif

                only archie, jackson, melody, caleb with flourishes verse 2

                only archie guitar interlude, then jackson
                    (archie going to speed up during this part. jackson watch carefully)

                archie jackson melody inerlude build up into end

                everyone in, singing and playing main motif

                all horns play random solos at once/mixing around

                second guitar interlude archie jackson then horns come in

                archie jackson melody aki build into

                jon or caleb solo to end

        jackson 
            keep a more consistent beat through the whole first section. just 1 and 3 kick snare hi hat verse, ride chorus. no funny business
            only fills on first verse should be
                kick        kick kick       kick kick   kick kick badadum bum -> chorus crash/ride
            
            stay steady on the hi hat, don't skip beats
        aki
            don't mimic the horns on pt.1 chorus, wait and then play your own thing
            going to have you learn the line i'm playing in second guitar motif. you and i should 1 on 1 this one just to go over some etc
        horns
            reiterating from up top but listen to 'bar love praccy' for what i'm looking for in intro
            figure out amongst yourselves how you want to do improvization. it think it would work best for jonathan and emma to only play the written part and caleb to improvise around. again, bar love praccy
            no harmonies on pt 1 chorus. just play the notes

            A G  A G C    A G A G A

            for pt.2, again save the noodling for after the interlude. until then, play the main line and maybe some caleb noodling
        taryn
            hit the jazzy licks during verse of part 1! and make sure not too loud, you and i should both be quiet together

    jury
        sounded good, jonathan bring your electric to practice if it isn't too much trouble, few sweetums songs have 2 electric parts but for the ones that do we're fucked if not, jonathan noodle around during the verses

    all my friends
        vision for the song: some form of this circus act bullshit:
            taryn starts piano
            archie kicks taryn off piano, taryn starts bassline, jackson starts drumming

            (that's how it starts)
            jonathan kicks archie off piano and starts vocals, archie gets guitar

            (and so it starts)
            archie starts guitar, emma kicks jonathan off piano and takes over vocals. jonathan gets sax
            
            jonathan runs first synth line on sax (3:23)

            (it comes apart)
            caleb kicks emma off piano and takes over piano, vocals. emma gets trumpet

            (instrumental interlude)

            (and to tell the truth)
            melody kicks caleb off keys and takes over piano, vocals

            (i can still come home to this)
                    taryn hits the drum machine for a second. funny pause while jackson and archie sprint to switch spots
            1.2.3.4

            (and with a face like a dad)
            anyone who wants all on vocals to end
            horns, strings swirling, dissonant. it's a peach-tone sunset, it's the end of something -- honeymoon, dramamine

    ribs
        SOOOO BEAUTIFUL!
        i think will sound very good once we have the first part. at some point we should just sit on the back porch and sus out the vocals. just singin. taryn you're on keys + vox, unless someone else wants it and taryn can replace them with clarinet
    
    together again  
        caleb showed up, laid his dick upon the table and played the progression flawlessly and beautifully and then dipped without a word, taking nothing but melody's house keys with him

        archie got drums, jackson got vocals, who wants bass? you're going to have to put your weight into it