agenda
    BRING A SHIRT THAT YOU WANT TO SWEETUMS STAMP. OR ANY ARTICLE OF CLOTHING.
        some did!

    i added a directory to the sweetums site. it's at /directory.txt. lmk if you have any qs about it
        all good

    i sent the untitled app playlist to the group chat, it's somewhat important that everyone is able to access it. if you can't, lmk and we'll try to figure it out
        all good

    harvard co-op finalizing planning for 10/25 show. soon, we should start practicing and figuring out setlist!
        yes

    going to follow up w friends from allston, kord from BBR
        hit up friends, kord tomorrow morn. jablonsk
    going to hit up some bars around the area   
        still need to do
    hummingbird?
        figure out an october weekend that works for most amount of people
        texted jackson

notes
    angel hair
        overall
            sounded fantastic! actually so wonderful. not too many specific notes, just things that will get smoother with practice. i need to get more certain about how each transition should look.
        aki
            part sounds great! going to give you a more particular rhythm for the fast part at the end
        jonathan
            if you miss the cue for the second instrumental one more time you're getting smacked.
            going to send you exact notes for the slide part i need you to hit
        emma
            for tambourine/trumpet at fast part, it's tambourine for first half of loop then trumpet for second half of loop.
        jackson 
            we just have to practice our slowdowns a bit more. might send you a drum/guitar duo file
        melody
            nothing you don't already know hardy har har
        archie
            figure out how the song should *really* work
    jury    
        overall
            we sounded like dogshit everyone learn your fucking parts
    the ANK!
        overall
            we sounded like a party in heaven i'm so geeked. due to jackson's divine influence i'm seriously considering adding another loop of the shouting at the end. we can talk about it. maybe play it by ear depending on how much fun the audience is singing.
            
            (film club) WATCHED AKIRA KUROSAWA?. . . RASHOMON NOW I REMEMBA
        
        but if i had to give a note. . 

        jackson
            when we're coming in to the final section where it's just you and i, make sure you cut out completely first and then come back in with the feetsies, and when we all come in, don't go straight to the ride do some hi hat action during my guitar part

        but that's it.

    that was all we did today. we only played for an hour and a half so pretty short but i'm really happy with what we got done.