10/25/24 - harvard dudley co-op
doors at 8pm, music at 8:30
sweetums then flag day

lineup

drums - drums
vox 1, vox 2 - mic 2 into tan amp
sax, sax, trumpet - mic 1 into PA
fiddle - DI into PA
cello - DI into PA
keys/synth - DI into PA
bass - amp 
guitar - jonah amp

setlist:
    margola / cannon
        jackson get the valerie beat DOWN!
        since we'll have 2 guitars, NO STOPS DURING FAST INTRUMENTAL. consult alley ank from sweetums LIVES! 
        caleb click clack percussion is awesome

        jackson, make sure you're hi hat first on rock beat -- move to 4 on the floor kick once you go ride

        catherine go on quarter notes once jackson moves to ride. very driving beat

        caleb and jackson make sure you come in strong with the motif since we're cutting out right before

        do we need both solos? considering cutting the first solo. lmk what we think

        horns: everyone come up with some phrases for end
    jury
        all horns on the main melody. consult sweetums demos. 
        jonathan playing flourish licks during verse
        jonathan on guitar counterpoint
    first half of ballsack
        just going to run the first half of it because it's very fun but we don't have time for proper horn arrangement.
        end at kel and archie singing. or we can just fucking wing it. let's just wing it yeah
        fast
        lots of percussion during B section (caleb part)
    first half of TNOL
        again, don't have time to get the end down, but first half is very fun.
        horns, don't forget your upwards alarm flourishes (consult sweetums of the body)
        end on where the recordings in untitled end
    hips
        need to work on middle part, that's going to be first thing sunday. awesome though. 
        emma putting you on guitar for end jam
    pinky
        horns come in for slowdown part
        jackson get slowdown tight, figure out a definitive style part for rest of song too
    bar love
        bar love
    angel hair
        angel hair perfect song. whistles first instrumental then horns second instrumental
        in end, horns match oh please come hoooooome you'll hear it
    ank
        play it a little faster, better with two guitars. figure out good arrangement for horns for last part
        ank alley was a really good for the end
    nora
        iiii dooont know whyyy durlin


    hi beems if we can and if we can we blt faster

