post show notes

overall
    bring tan amp for two mics

jury
    trumpet off main motif, matching taryn left hand maybe?
    need taryn to be the loudest fucking thing ever
    original arranged chorus line rhythm thing (caleb knows whats up)
    ***jackson play straight beat on verse***

nora
    have sax come along with voice sometimes
    archie really needs to write some final fucking words

margola
    SLOWER!!!
    orchestrate jon solo a lot more specifically. also better with tenor
    horns specific orchestration to not fall apart at margola end
    jackson go halftime after 6 loop
    horns write line motifs for cannon instead of pads, enough padding done by archie aki melody. taryn part is absolutely perfect
    archie and jackson lock more in with mallet
    taryn always go on for longer at end of cannon

lighter
    maybe slightly different part for aki for pt 1
    emma - great part. build on that

angel hair
    taryn in on instrumental 1 and verse 1
    horns should come in a beat later at end of verse 2. call and response was done once but then not again
    horns in on big fast part PADS
    slow down!

ank
    everyone has to learn the intro
    arrange chorus horns

bar love
    have let it get sloppy. maybe just keys and hrosnf r instrumental intro, 
    horns on orgasm?
    raise aki octave
    figure out definitive plan for keeping momentum on bar end
    arrange picked part at the end
    aki second part for second part
    first part chorus, emma and jon stick to riff, caleb licks around. there's this one riff that he used to play that i love so much that we might have gotten a little muddied around

    faster rapid arrangement for end. maybe one of the horns matches my guitar line?
    
where : signet society
when : saturday 11/9 at 9pm

setlist:

margola rock beat soundcheck

jury - 2min
nora - 8min
margola - 6min
lighter - 5min
ballsack - 3min
angel hair - 6min
ank! - 6min
bar love - 6min

send the partiful to your friends!

11/6 practice notes (scattered & rushed)
+ general
    i fuck with lighter a lot. great! broke the new song curse that doesn't actually exist but was always in the back of my head, whatever
+ melody 
    no octaves on margola. figure out line you like, i think what we worked out has legs but not perfect, groove is pretty straightforward though. practice that and angel hair last two sections! w the licks we talked about. you've got nora in your bloodstream and 
+ jackson
    make sure to really hit the crash when we're doing a pickup transition like in angel hair or ank or margola or nora or uhh everything but lighter. really important to start out margola rock section with strong crash into solid hi hat groove. shift to 4 on the floor kick once you're on ride, keep the crash up. cut the cymbals on margola verse, the swing is so good on instrumental and even more fun if it's a shock
+ jonathan 
    sent guitar vid thing. make sure you're on top of the angel end line hooooome. once jackson and i start shouting numbers at each other feel free to go a lot crazier on sax
+ sneha 
    belt that shit out on lighter, only run tambourine when we're on the B part of Nora otherwise caleb shaker is enough percussion, sing nora with me loud af!
+ taryn
    i think you had lighter down but just listen to the recording anyway. make sure you've got your part for angel hair down too, you haven't run it too many times. i love the lick you play in margola end and i love having you close it
+ emma
    listen to Lighter on untitled and learn the two main lines!
+ archie
    figure out definitive guitar tone, restring telecaster
+ caleb
    don't come in with ank hits until words. feel free to blast around but not in an attention grabbing way while it's just guitar instrumental. then do the hits on ayuhuasca etc. shaker on margola intro, let's be chill about getting a groove going before we hop into it.
+ aki
    practice nora! i'd like you to be comfortable taking a solo on it. most likely not for this show, but hopefully by the end of this semester. it's just a G scale! figure out what you want to play for second half of Angel (fast and slowdown). maybe something slides ballsack esque