[instrumental]

[E]
i dream about a supermarket, and a railroad tracking farrrrr behind it.
i wrangled two tickets, one for you and one for allllll your luggage.

so you clasp your favorite pen, and draw an ichthus on my hand, 
i make one last stupid joke about never showering again

            a twinkle in your eyes, a puzzled expression
                        you say,
                            "again?"

[instrumental]

(more uptempo)
[E]
(taryn) don't let me get away from you, but don't hold me aaaaaany closer
(arch) and i always say i love you when you leave, in case of faaaaalling pianos

(taryn) you said if heaven's any good, it better have a Wawa with a halo  
(archi) and Bill Hader once told you to take me on a date to see Salo
(taryn) but i think Your joke was funnier
(archi) because i didn't do it for the money
(taryn) you did it to make me laugh

(archi) I love the mouse, I love the trees, I love ACHOO! excuse me, please, 
        

        Cuz I care so much about you
        I care so much about you

        I love the beaches and the creatures and a night of double features 
        i love everything about politics especially the leavers

        Cuz it all reminds me of you
        everything reminds me of you

        i love meetings and appointments, i'm afraid i left my ointment out
        shut the fuck up i need to think about something on my mind

        something i was gonna tell you
        i always forget what to say to you

        i love the scratches and the matches and the couches that we crashes
        love the pumpkin and the pumpernickel, shut the fuck up the radio's on

        i love your tits i love your ass i love your dick i love you're fat
        i love the way you grab my snout when we GO DOWN ON EACH OTHER!

        i love the way you get clammy when we DISCLOSE OUR FINANCIAL BACKGROUNDS!
        
        i love the 
        一二三四五六七八 
        verse! chorus! verse! chorus! bridge! chorus! outro! outro!
        shut! the! fuck! up! i'm listening to a song that makes me
        feel how i feel about you!
        